Today, my topic is "Reasons Of Longevity ".

First, let me introduce myself.
My name is chang wenlong,24 years old. 
My hometown is jingzhou city, hubei province. 
As you known, I am a postgraduate student from College of Software Technology of Zhejiang University. 
Major in software engineering.
My class is Financial information technology.
Obviously,I am a software programmer,and i love programing. 
Programmers are boring,they face the computer all day .
People Often think so. 
But I do not think so. In my eyes, programmers are the most lovely people.
As a standard  programmer , In addition to coding, I have many hobbies.
Such as running,reading. 
Running can give me a healthy body. Reading makes me progress.  

Above is my self-introduction.
The following is my speech. About "Reasons Of Longevity ".

Now,let's take a look at this chart.
As is shown in the chart,people are becoming more and more longevity. 

Why?  
In my opinion,lots of reasons may affect the length of people's life.
Today,I will show you two reasons.
One is personal lifestyle, good lifestyle give you a health body,have a health body ,You are more likely to live long.
Another reason is the development of economic , the reform of medical treatment system.

Now,we are talking about personal lifestyle,and its effects on longevity.
As far as I can see,If you want live long,you should have a health body,a good lifestyle.
Do more exercise,No Smoking,Drink less are necessary.

My father is a heavy smoker . At the same time, he also loves to drink.
Sometimes , When my father cough badly,I will advise him to smoke less.
One day,When I once again to persuade him . My Father play a trick on me.
He said,Zhou Enlai doesn't drink or smoke, Live 78 years. 
Mao Zedong smokes ,but doesn't drink, live to be 83 years old.
Deng Xiaoping smokes and drinks, live to the age of 93.
Of course,it just a joke.

Good at releasing stress is also a kind of good living habit.
According to the study, The life of the women are usually longer than men.
Why?
There are many factors that can lead to  the female's long life.
A very important reason is that women are good at releasing stress.
Stress is often taken away by tears.
However,men often hide their stress.

The second reason i have to say is the development of economic.
With the rapid economic growth, 
Medical and health services  achieve long-term development, health care facilities, medical technology and health security has been significantly improved. 
As a result,people's average life is extended.
In ancient times ,a cold can lead to thousands of deaths . and Smallpox is fatal.
But nowadays,those incurable disease in ancient times, is a piece of cake for a doctor .

In the end,i would like to say, the length of life is not important . what we should  pursue is the quality of  life , and some wonderful memories in our life.
